stack_top doc (#6)
topos-protocol/plonky2: evm/src/cpu/docs/memory-handling.md

# Memory structure
The CPU interacts with the EVM memory via memory channels. At each CPU row, a memory channel can execute a write, a read, or be disabled. A full memory channel is composed of:
- 1 `used` flag. If it's set to `true`, a memory operation is executed in this channel at this row. If it's set to `false`, no operation is done but its columns might be reused for other purposes.
- 1 `is_read` flag. It indicates if a memory operation is a read or a write.
- 3 address columns. A memory address is made of three parts: `context`, `segment` and `virtual`.
- 8 value columns. EVM words are 256 bits long, and they are broken down in 8 32-bit limbs.
The last memory channel is `lv.partial_channel`: it doesn't have its own column values and shares them with the first memory channel `lv.mem_channels[0]`. This allows use to save eight columns.

# Top of the stack

> The majority of memory operations involve the stack. The stack is a segment in memory, and stack operations (popping or pushing) use the memory channels. Every CPU instruction does between 0 and 4 pops, and between 0 and 1 push. However, for efficiency purposes, we hold the top of the stack in `lv.mem_channels[0]`, only writing it in memory if necessary.

Reviewer: nit
```suggestion
The majority of memory operations involve the stack. The stack is a segment in memory, and stack operations (popping or pushing) use the memory channels. Every CPU instruction performs between 0 and 4 pops, and may push at most once. However, for efficiency purposes, we hold the top of the stack in `lv.mem_channels[0]`, only writing it in memory if necessary.
```

## Motivation
See https://github.com/0xPolygonZero/plonky2/issues/1149.

## Top reading and writing
When a CPU instruction modifies the stack, it must update the top of the stack accordingly. There are three cases.

> - **The instruction pops and pushes:** The new top of the stack is calculated by the instruction and stored in `nv.mem_channels[0]`; it may  be a memory read, and the instruction is responsible for setting `nv.mem_channels[0].used` correctly. The previous top of the stack is discarded and doesn't need to be written in memory.

Reviewer: it's hard to notice the `n` in `nv.mem_channels[0]`. We may want an emphasis on the fact that in this case the top will be available on the next row?

Reviewer: > it may  be a memory read, and the instruction is responsible for setting `nv.mem_channels[0].used` correctly. The previous top of the stack is discarded and doesn't need to be written in memory.

This part reads a bit unclear to me (I understand the behavior but a bit more clarity would be beneficial I think).

> - **The instruction pushes, but doesn't pop:** The new top of the stack is calculated by the instruction and stored in `nv.mem_channels[0]`; it may  be a memory read, and the instruction is responsible for setting `nv.mem_channels[0].used` correctly. If the stack wasn't empty (`lv.stack_len > 0`), the current top of the stack is stored with a memory read in `lv.partial_channel`, which shares its values with `lv.mem_channels[0]` (which holds the current top of the stack). If the stack was empty, `lv.partial_channel` is disabled.

Reviewer: Partly related to the comment above, but it *may* be confusing to read that the instruction only pushes, and the new top of the stack may be a memory read. Perhaps a one-liner before the different cases to give more context may help?

> - **The instruction pops, but doesn't push:** The current top of the stack is discarded. If the stack isn't now empty (`lv.stack_len > num_pops`), the new top of the stack is set in `nv.mem_channels[0]` with a memory read from the stack segment. If the stack is now empty, `nv.mem_channels[0]` is disabled.

Reviewer: nit: the current top is discarded reads a bit weird, as the instruction may use it internally

> In the last two cases, there is an edge case if `lv.stack_len` is equal to a `special_len`: `0` for a strictly pushing instruction, `num_pops` for a strictly popping instruction. Note that we do not need to check for values below `num_pops`, since this would be a stack underflow exception which is handled separately. We detect this edge case with the compound flag `1 - (lv.stack_len - special_len) * stack_inv_aux`, where `stack_inv_aux` is constrained to be the modular inverse of `(lv.stack_len - special_len)` if it's non-zero, or `0` otherwise. The flag is `1` if `stack_len` is equal to `special_len`, and `0` otherwise.

Reviewer: > if `lv.stack_len` is equal to a `special_len`: `0`

Is a bit hard to parse. Perhaps you could introduce `special_len` at the start here, explaining its purpose and how it's set before moving to the edge case handling?

Reviewer: nit:
> if `lv.stack_len` is equal to a `special_len`: `0`

Maybe give a name to the flag in the equation above to then refer to it here for clarity?

This logic can be found in code in the `eval_packed_one` function of `stack.rs`, which multiplies all of the constraints with a degree 1 filter passed as argument.

## Operation flag merging

> To reduce the total number of columns, many operation flags are merged together (for example DUP and SWAP). If the two instructions have different stack behaviors, this can be a problem: the filter for an individual operation is now of degree 2 (e.g. `lv.op.dup_swap * lv.opcode_bits[4]` for SWAP) and some constraints of `eval_packed_one` are already of degree 3.

Reviewer: nit: maybe explain that those are usually differentiated from the opcode binary decomposition? as `lv.opcode_bits[4]` may not be straightforward here

> When this happens, stack constraints are defined manually in the operation's dedicated file (e.g. `dup_swap.rs`). Implementation details vary and can be found in the files; in general they make use of the `stack_inv_aux` and `stack_inv_aux_2` columns to lower the degree of the constraints.

Reviewer: there's no explanation of what inv_aux_2 holds?

Author: I decided to remove any mention to `inv_aux_2` and, if needed, to explain more in the dedicated files. Do you think we should still mention it here?
